# Introduction

My name is Joshua Mathews. I am a sophomore at University of Wisconsin - Madison majoring in Computer Science. I loved computers and technology from a young age and over the years got to see its impact in all industries. This inspired me to pursue computer science and software engineering as a profession. I started getting into gaming when I got a Playstation 2 and I was enamored with the artificial worlds that were created with the power of computers. I later got a Playstation 3 and got introduced to one of my favorite video games of all time, Uncharted. I was amazed at how rapidly the graphical and technical quality of the games were progressing and also how large the industry was becoming.

As I got older, I wanted to know the story and processes behind the games where IGN came in. Podcasts like Unfiltered and long-form deep dives like The History of Naughty Dog and The Story fo Insomniac Games helped me to see the hard work and passion that went into these games and also the challenges they faces and this helped me appreciate them more. It inspired me to work harder in my life as well.

I am passionate about web development as I think the gaming experiences on PC and consoles can be brought to the browser and made even more accessible to people around the world. The lower barrier to entry would enable more diversity in the creation and enjoyment of video games and thereby elevate the medium. That is why I started teaching myself languages like HTML and Javascript and technologies like Socket.io which helped to connect people around the world.

I think IGN would an amazing place for me to exercise and expand my skills. It is the perfect combination of tech and gaming. Having taught myself web design and development, I feel I would be able to tackle any challenge IGN throws at me. I also love the creative side of IGN as seen in the Museum of Mario webpage and believe I would be able to express myself creatively as well at the company. I would love to get to see the inner workings of one of my favorite gaming websites and meaningfully contribute to its continued development.
